			    Release notes
			    ejabberd 0.9.8

   This document describes the main changes for ejabberd 0.9.8
   release.

   The code can be downloaded from the download page
   (http://www.process-one.net/en/projects/ejabberd/)

   For more detailed informations, please refer to ejabberd User Guide
   on Process-one website (http://www.process-one.net/projects/ejabberd/).


Enhanced virtual hosting

   Virtual hosting now applies to much more settings and features and
   is now transparent. Virtual hosting now accept different parameters
   for different virtual host regarding: Authentication method, Access
   Control List and acces rules, users management, statistics and
   shared roster. The web interface now gives access to each virtual
   hosts parameters.


Enhanced publish and subscribe module

   ejabberd pubsub module now integrates enhancement coming from
   J-EAI, an XMPP-based integration server built on ejabberd. ejabberd
   now supports publish and subscribe node configuration. It is
   possible to define node that should be persistant, and the number
   of items to persist. It is also possible to define various
   notification parameters, such as the delivery of the payload with
   the notifications, the notification of subscribers when some
   changes occurs on items, the items the maximum size of the payload,
   the subscription approvers, the notification of online users only,
   etc.


Code reorganisation and update

   - The mod_register have been cleaned-up.
   - ODBC supports have been updated and several bugs have been fixed.


Development API

   To ease the work of ejabberd developer, a filter_packet hook has
   been added. It is this possible to develop specific plugin to
   filter or modify packets flowing through ejabberd.


Translations

   Translations have been updated to add support the new pubsub features.
   A new Brazilian Portuguese translation has been added.


Web interface

   CSS stylesheets are now W3C compliant.


Installers

   Installers are now provided for Microsoft Windows and Linux.


Bugfixes

   This release contains several bugfixes and architectural
   changes. Bugfixes include improvement on LDAP authentication.
   Please refer to the Changelog file supplied with this
   release for details of all improvements in the ejabberd code.
